<h3>Summary</h3>
At Amazon, we didn’t got a chance to hear from some Maryland alumni as well as long-time employee Mike George, VP of Alexa and Echo. The alumni spent a good amount of time highlighting the Amazon Leadership Principles, and it was evident that these principles are held in high regard at Amazon. The main idea of these principles is being obsessed with the customer and having a bias for action (rather than inaction). After the alumni panel, Mike George came in and talked to us about Amazon’s mission, growth, and main ideals. Mike has been with Amazon since 1998, and a quick look at his LinkedIn profile shows that he has held 9 different positions at the company throughout his tenure. Most of the main ideas that Mike talked about reflected the leadership principles, and in addition he went on to talk about Alexa and how other companies are using the tech in everything from speakers to smart homes.


<h3>Key Takeaways</h3>
As a follower of the tech world, I was excited to check out Amazon and hear from the head of the Alexa division. As a company so invested in both business / supply chain and technology, Amazon needs to be at the top of its game in both business and tech. Amazon achieves this success by working from the customer backwards when designing its products and services. Amazon isn’t just interested in their customers. They’re obsessed. The #1 item on their list of Leadership Principles is Customer Obsession. Unsurprisingly, this is similar to one of Starbucks’ main principles which is to connect with the customers. These companies aren’t wildly successful for no reason; their constant drive to please the customer is the key force in their continued growth and success.

<br/><br/>

One of the points regarding the Leadership Principles that I found interesting was how a few of them are self-contradicting. They say that a leader should dive deep and pay attention to the details, but they also say that they should have a bias for action and quick decisions. Leaders should invent, but also simplify. I do think this was done completely intentionally with with the purpose of highlighting yet another leadership skill: decision-making. A leader must know when to pay attention to detail and when to move quickly. He or she must know when new ideas need to be introduced and when things need to be stripped and simplified. Leaders must have both a wide range of skills and the ability to determine when each one is necessary. Of course, this is much easier said than done, but Amazon has a high bar for a reason.

<br/><br/>

In addition to the Leadership Principles, Mike George discussed other key aspects of Amazon’s success. He has seen the company from near-infancy to the global giant that it is today. One of the interesting ideas he mentioned was on the topic of innovations. He claimed that innovation is not necessarily creating big new disruptive ideas but rather optimizing and moving fast. Moving quickly allows for a series of smaller changes that can eventually amount to a larger shift, and I agree with his ideas. It is difficult to consistently churn out new breakthrough ideas; however, continuously optimizing and improving is a much more feasible goal (and Nike certainly feels the same way!).