<h3>Summary</h3>
Going into this trip, I had never heard of Flextronics or Flex, as they now call themselves. I wasn’t too sure what to expect, as a quick Google search told me their main product was circuit boards. Once I got there and learned about what the company has done and what they plan to do, I was completely blown away. We met with Natalia Pena, who gave us a brief presentation about the company and led us on a tour of the campus. After this visit, I was confidently able to say Flex was the most interesting and unique company we got to see on this trip. They make 85% of wearable technology on the market today, which is one of their more popular services. They also rent out secure, private space to companies who wish to develop their products in small batches in complete confidentiality; not even the CEO of Flex would have access to their production room. While their main product is still printed circuit boards, some of the tech I got to see seemed like something directly out of a sci-fi movie. Paper thin batteries, a jacket that can charge your phone and track your vital signs, and countless smart-home technologies are just a few of the futuristic tech we got a chance to see on this visit.

<br/><br/>

<h3>Key Takeaways</h3>
As I mentioned before, Flex was one of the coolest companies we got a chance to visit. Though we saw some truly incredible tech, I was a bit disappointed we didn’t get to hear more about the company’s culture. The company’s website, however, provides a bit more insight. As I would have expected, some of Flex’s core values are “intense collaboration” and “passionate customer focus”. Similar to Amazon and other companies out west, Flex puts the customer first. I was really surprised when I found out just how secure and private the confidential product development spaces were. Another one of their values is “Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement”, which reminds me of Nike’s mantra, “There is no finish line.” It seems that many of these highly successful and innovative companies on the West Coast share many of the same values and ideals, which is certainly a large factor contributing to their success.

<br/><br/>

Another aspect of Flex that I found intriguing was how almost their entire supply chain was on the same campus. They have a building for product development, a building for testing, another for research, and multiple buildings for production and packing/shipping. In fact, Flex won the 2014 Supply Chain Innovation Award for their campus, which links their entire supply chain into one convenient location. This design, in my opinion, is truly the pinnacle of customer service. Flex made it as convenient as possible for their customers to have their products designed, tested, produced, and shipped by having it all take place in one location. While their main product is still circuit boards, Flex’s main <i>business</i> is that of customer service. The Flex campus was unlike anything I’d ever seen before, and it was certainly a unique and invaluable experience.