<h3>Intro</h3>

This past August, I was fortunate enough to accompany Dr. Wellman and a group of around 20 students to the West Coast to visit high-profile companies and hear from University of Maryland alumni about the company’s culture, work life, and what goes on behind the scenes at each of these companies. When I first heard about the trip through the College Park Scholars program, I was excited at the idea of heading out west and visiting these companies I had heard so much about. As a Computer Science major, this seemed like the perfect trip: a chance to visit the tech capital of the nation and hear from Maryland alumni (and hopefully make some connections, too!). I hoped to gain some more insight into how these companies run on the inside and what the culture / work life is really like compared to how it is advertised, especially at companies like Google where the culture is so highly-regarded. I knew about most of these companies by name only and did not have any real idea as to the different divisions, departments, and lesser-known aspects of how they are run. 

<br><br>

Going into the trip, I thought I already knew how I would like the three different areas we would visit. I expected I wouldn’t like Portland because of the “hipster” stereotype I had heard so much about. I didn’t think much of Seattle as I wasn’t too familiar with the city, but I didn’t expect it to be too memorable. Lastly, I thought I would fall in love with San Francisco and the Silicon Valley. Almost every one of my expectations were wrong. Seattle and Portland turned out to be my favorite cities, and I could really see myself living and working in Seattle in the near future. As much as I tried to love the San Francisco area, I really did not like the city as much as I thought I would. It seemed like a very sparse city that was mostly residential with different areas of interest rather than having a “heart” to the city like Philadelphia and Washington, DC. I was also surprised at how prevalent homelessness is in these cities. It seemed like everywhere we went in Seattle and San Francisco, there was a group of homeless people asleep or carrying their belongings. I was frankly shocked. One of our Uber drivers mentioned that homelessness has become a tradeoff of San Francisco blowing up and property values skyrocketing so high that many cannot afford their rent anymore. Needless to say this trip gave me a whole new outlook on the West Coast and the culture in each of the cities, which was surprisingly different between Portland, Seattle, and San Francisco.