<h3>Summary</h3>
Like other visits, the visit to Tesla started with an alumni Q&A panel with 5 Maryland alumni and was led by John Spruill, Maryland class of 1998, who started working at Tesla in 2009. One of the first points he made was that he was employee #440 at Tesla, which now has over 10,000 employees! He also noted that Tesla was mainly a young company with most of the staff being under 30. Mr. Spruill and the other alumni spoke a lot about the culture, work life, and attitude of employees at Tesla. He also spoke about Elon Musk’s involvement in the company (which is still pretty significant). He said Elon is still very involved in both Tesla and SpaceX. After the alumni panel, we were given a tour of the factory, where we got to see cars in all stages of production: testing, repairs, checkups, and whites. What I found the most interesting was just how extensive the testing that they perform before they are released is. These cars are tested for hours and sometimes days at a time for a specific feature before the car can pass. At the end, we were able to play around a bit with both a Model S and Model X.


<h3>Key Takeaways</h3>
Like most of the other companies we went to, I wasn’t exactly sure what to expect going into the visit. I knew Tesla was a very interesting company with high ambitions, but didn’t know a lot about what went on behind the scenes. I was surprised to see just how strong the culture was at Tesla. Everyone that we heard from spoke highly of Elon and noted how the culture at Tesla reflects his strongest personality traits: boldness and perfectionism. It was clear from only a couple of hours at the factory that Elon’s influence on the company was very strong at all levels. Hearing about all of Elon’s bold and ambitious goals such as putting humans on Mars and delivering free wifi from space and seeing that boldness reflected in the employees, who clearly shared the same values, was very inspiring to see. Everyone at Tesla truly believes in the company and its values.

<br/><br/>

One of the big points made by Mr. Spruill was that you should do something right the first time rather than having to go back and fix it later. This was a life lesson I learned from my parents at a young age, but seeing it applied at an industrial level was a totally different experience. We saw one car being tested for its driver-side automatic door operator. To test this feature, the car sat in a chamber for 10 hours and had a computer opening and closing the door repeatedly. It was obvious that perfection was the goal when testing these cars. Interestingly enough, another point made by John was the efficiency of the over-the-air software updates. That way, when a bug did slip by, it could be patched without the users ever knowing it existed! 

<br/><br/>

One question I asked that stood out to me was if Tesla would ever consider moving from a direct-to-consumer model to a dealership model as their market share grew. I was answered with a quick and definite “no.” With their current sales model, they can provide the most satisfaction to the user with the end product at the expense of not being able to have cars on-demand. Tesla’s dedication to the customers was reminiscent of Amazon’s devotion to the consumer.